You guys will come back.
OK so this lecture we're going to do is we're going to round out the three types of and scream ads with
stories adds story ads.
So basically as we said before these are the ads that display in between other people's stories they
say promoted up at the top and you've probably seen them if you spend any time on Instagram or buying
the rights to run a law.
I see a lot of ads for like we work.
Oftentimes it's going to be tied to accounts I have looked at before or demonstrated some interest and
now with story ads they're really the same thing as to feed ads it's just that we don't have as many
options for what to display.
And we have stronger or more strict limitations on the parameters of the video so the video itself needs
to be in the story's ratio.
I always you shoot for 19 19:20 by 10 A.D. because that is going to guarantee that it displays correctly
on both the web and your mobile and it allow you to downsize if you have to.
The other thing is that it's going to limit a and a story and video to 15 seconds and a story and image
to 10 seconds.
So keep that in mind.
Now the advantage just stories ads so they're relatively new.
For the most part they're pretty cheap with the post and you'll pay rates that are very similar to Facebook.
You might pay 50 cents a click or even up to a dollar a click if you're not actually doing your targeting
well or spending time fine tuning your campaigns.
But with a story it's quite a bit cheaper it's usually a fraction of that just because Instagram can
display more stories ads and get away with it because they don't really come off as that spammy because
you click through them rapidly.
So there's really pros and cons to it cheaper but you really have to spend a lot of thought a lot of
time making sure that your video is immediately appealing and catches their attention and the with the
golden rule is the first three seconds.
Sure it's 15 seconds long but you have to get their attention the first three seconds so whatever video
you're going to make you need to make sure that you front load it with the most interesting thing you
can in the first three seconds.
OK now the actual what is running story ads is very very simple we can just literally go back to that
same campaign we may last lecture and we just to change one thing which is in placements now we wouldn't
change any of our demographic targeting or anything like that because stories are just going to spoil
the same exact type of people the format doesn't change who you're targeting.
But we want to use Yoda and edit placements and instead of running a feed and we're going to run a story
and so make sure you uncheck feed.
All right great then what we can do is say all mobile devices ball the ball will set the budget the
exact same because this isn't anything different then we'll select our account again and then it gives
us three options.
One is the single video one single image and one is a carousel.
So the carousel is almost kind of kind of display as if it's multiple stories so they swipe through
it.
But really it's kind of the same motion.
So as it currently stands this is probably the best or A-Y especially if you're trying to promote multiple
things or at least show them that hey whatever this Web site or app I'm promoting has lots of different
faces to it.
So at this you generally will get people to see more of it but it also could be annoying because I have
to click to get through it.
Now images are pretty static.
I mean it's just this is great if you have something really simple and easy to understand.
I would only Pictus if for instance you just didn't have any video video.
Typically performs a lot better in a story and that's why most people will opt for a single video.
This is kind of a lazy man's story and so I generally speaking just try to avoid it unless for some
reason you know you have a static add static image that performs really well.
All right down here it gives us the specific recommendations again has to be up to 15 seconds 9 by 16.
Is the aspect ratio you can choose on or not have sound enabled and other than that you're Max you max
out at 4 gigabytes for the file size for gigabytes 15 seconds.
That's way larger than even a for video so I wouldn't be morally worried about that.
You'd have you uploaded four gigabytes they would totally downsampled that to a much much smaller video
size so don't really worry about that.
So what Onsen here is you can just upload your video directly or you can browse your library of videos
you've had before.
It is great if you're making multiple ads or going back and retesting new ones where you have some kind
of cyclical nature to the things you use.
You can also use templates which is relatively new.
So they give you some templates here that you can run in your story.
And this is great if you don't want to make something.
I mean I typically say make your own.
And but these have already been tested to make sure that they do actually work.
So right here we have square templates and typically you don't want to use these just because they don't
display correctly.
Right.
It's they're going to have bars up at the top and bottom.
So really we want to a good vertical templates if we wanted to do that this way.
So one thing you could do is promote a product here's Dr. product discovery saw multiple products show
product benefits so we could say let's see how say promote a product.
So click that and it's usually a short video which hey nothing wrong with short.
You don't need to use the entire 15 seconds if you don't have to.
So let's say I will use this template now it's going to do is push me through his video creation kit
right here.
So in the background I can set an image or I can just set a color just kind of depends on what it is
that you're going to be playing as your logo.
So the way this works is it shows your logo first then it cuts to whatever it is that you're selling.
So this is kind of the basic template to have you set up.
So if I wanted to do this I could do innovation station and use that logo.
So if I wanted to you I could put my logos in like that and then I should probably you know pick a background
that works well with you know whatever my logo is.
Unfortunately you can't upload any images that have backgrounds that are blank like a PMG which is probably
ideal really.
So really you should probably rely on using some of their stock images or for instance you can just
go and Google stock images go to all the free stock and pick something in the background anyway so you
can use this to put together something really quickly it gives you the automatic text overlay which
is pretty useful to not only describe the product so I could say it's super interesting product or whatever
it is I need to get them to click it to go on to the next thing.
But it also has limited my text right here and the length and the size of the ad such that I don't have
to worry about Facebook approving my post which is actually an issue.
If you put too much text on your video just in general they might not approve your post.
That's a pain down here we can say things like your font.
You can change your text color your background color or you can add your change the image for the actual
product you're selling and yada yada yada and then you can have a sign out here just as well.
This is something that if you honestly just didn't want to spend time making it in making a video and
say a final cut pro or designing your image somewhere else this is an auction.
And keep in mind they make these templates available because they're very good.
They've tested these before they're very simple to the point and they work.
So keep that in mind don't think that you're just being lazy by using it.
It actually can be a way to actually get conversions that you otherwise wouldn't have.
All right so pass that I just need to upload a story file or video that would actually fit the 16 by
9 ratio and the rest of it is the same as we saw before we can set the Web site you RL So you can set
it for your station and then ever you know product 2 or whatever it is called the action will change
the way that it displays at the bottom of the story.
Now that is uploaded see this it was one of the old story promotions that we use.
This one wasn't terribly useful.
Too much text is happening too quickly kind of turns people off and we didn't really make use of these
bars up here on the top so that was isn't what I really run with but you can see this is this the correct
format and size.
Now up here you can customize further and it gives you some tools to add text overlays if you don't
want to go back and add it into your post itself.
You can also add things like captions that people can watch without sound keep in mind or remember something
like 40 percent of people will watch it without sound.
So if your video doesn't make sense by itself then you need to add captions.
Also choose your video thumbnail but it doesn't actually make sense because stores don't have video
toenails.
I don't know why it says that.
It Right here.
So you can choose your thumbnail.
Again that's not actually going to change anything for your stories that's just a hangover from the
feed post theory can you generate automatically.
And what that does is it will auto generate captions if anybody ever used captions on say like YouTube
or here on YouTube.
Sometimes you notice that they're pretty good although I'd say maybe 10 percent of the time they get
words off.
And if it's enough that it could actually confuse the viewer then you need to make sure that you are
review it.
You can also let Facebook review it.
And again that's up to you does it not have a lot of experience with whether or not Facebook themselves
can do that correctly.
And the last thing is you can upload your own caption files when they have to be SIRTF files so if you're
not familiar with that extension then this is probably not something you want to try.
All right guys that's it pretty much for Instagram stories.
They work the same ways feeds do.
The difference is you're posting these in a different place on Instagram and people typically will consume
this at a different time.
But really it's just not that much different as far as markers are concerned.
This is just a different way of displaying the same things.
If you don't have an ad strategy built out already or a product that you need to promote then there's
nothing particularly interesting about Instagram's stories versus boosted posts versus Pheed post.
It doesn't really matter it's just whatever fits whatever it is you're trying to promote.
At the moment certain ones have certain features that others don't.
So that's about it.
Other than that it's really just a matter of learning how to use the Facebook and platform to do things
like targeting and pick interest.
And then it's just following up and making sure you watch your campaigns and see whether or not you're
getting the results you want and then modifying them if you're not.
That's really the quote unquote magic to Facebook advertising it's just paying attention and trying
multiple things starting with a very small budget trying something seen how it goes and then iterating
and implementing the things you learn from each test.
All right guys.
That being said I'll see you next lecture.